that is crazy
[Laughter]
they just gonna put these on the kebab
for us yeah all right check it out guys
this Trevor's James hanging with mr.
taster we are in Morgan in Iran and
today we're going for a full-on food
adventure yeah actually we cook we're
gonna go for liver and heart tonight and
also we're gonna go to village called
GRS not got a really nice press there
and also we're gonna go to exile today
which is our moto G is baby chicken and
the rain is in hav chicken yeah let's go
check it out this is part six of nine of
our ultimate Iran Street food adventure
huge thanks to mr. taster and to Persia
tour guide from come to Persia dot-com
you're in Gorgon we're gonna go to zrf
village to meet my friend called
Mohammed and why am I gonna show us it's
official period for zrf we're heading
into a local village yeah try a Gorgon
style meal
yeah to start today I'm you're going
from work on 2zr averages almost 20
minutes and here we are a few special
Gorgon style bread yeah and we gonna
meet Muhammad here nice to meet you it's
beautiful here look at this
when she's making the fire right now her
name is Zara Zara we called her shifts
on Raw from now on dev zero so it's a
it's a tandoor with fire so she's gonna
make some fresh bread for us yes
transfer lean jakarta clinique 20 years
20 years a expert yeah local working
style bread yeah oh wow when here comes
the dough
he's gonna be really cool to see and
this is the Integra part putting the
water and they'll get the cool the girls
dying down exactly so it's a real tender
oven you're and then we're gonna put
these inside these breads in look around
oh yeah there's the spinach here and
then there's the plane
I'm really looking forward to trying to
spin it yeah oh and here we go
that's the spinach yeah bread and I love
this oil that she's putting on it right
here
saffron oil that is the real secret the
Persian saffron oil and you kind of
smell it though yeah that's the real
secret right there the turmeric saffron
oil and look at that wall the clay wall
oh that's so satisfying to watch and
there they are
Wow finished oh and that's the magic
it's so hot and fluffy oh oh look at the
steam coming over there thanks messy so
Lucy
that's what other that's some of the
best bread you'll ever do right there
yeah and we're gonna continue and go to
exile TJ come to us go for a big lunch
mija and next up before going for the
extreme meat delight and kebab platter
heaven mister tasters bringing us for
the ultimate baby chicken with
pomegranate next up we're going for
akbar baby chicken yeah
Akbar's UJ hydrogen baby chicken with a
pomegranate sauce yes and it's very
special so very special you can put it
on your baby she can have a visa for
rice its coolest all signature
we've stopped on the way to our chicken
and we're gonna get a scarf for ting
right on the side of the highway
yeah we got the scarf shop and there
they all are can take a quick look at
them and things gonna choose one the
fashion and the design here is all
really beautiful that's pretty nice
isn't the ting what do you think of your
n Missy we're on the road for Akbar baby
chicken
no no no really
Wow and now we're on the way for Akbar
baby chicken yeah and here we are just
rolling through the countryside and the
pomegranate Akbar baby chicken is just
ahead over here look at this is the
pomegranate Akbar baby chicken this good
story but we made it way out into the
countryside to try the irani pomegranate
chicken and we're gonna go in the
kitchen to see how it's made what a
beautiful kitchen they boil it first and
then the fryer and it's going to the oil
yeah and there they are the akbar
chicken so is this a village recipe or
yes yes yes it's exactly what mister
actually I was doing it before last
through the generations
monitamon chef Hector 55 years ago 55
years ago exactly yeah
there's really good uh so originally if
you're driving down the road and you're
tired yeah this is a meal you would come
get it's exactly you're a trucker
driving through the rain closely and you
need some check this oh and here comes
the saffron rice that's the magic this
is the country of saffron and I just
love how friendly everyone is here
they're welcoming us into their kitchens
to see the true magic look of boots
alone oh my gosh that looks so juicy
this has got to be one of the fried
chicken of the world yeah one of the top
fried chickens you need to try in your
lifetime should throw it
Wow there see him and people are so
friendly in Iran a true beautiful
country with the amazing food and that
is a chicken back my chicken
[Music]
and here we go they go right in the oil
one by one
look at that that is beautiful and you
can see there's the finished product the
Akbari chicken she has a expertise the
queen of baby chicks right here Wow
Mercy Mercy
oh so satisfying looking messy let's go
and I just love the feel of the
restaurants in Iran you feel like you're
at home
and there it is the Akbar chick it looks
good he's a true master yeah it really
is this is actually the oh my god this
is the secret right here the pomegranate
sauce and then we've got these onions
here so you take some chicken exact take
some onion and your gue always some
that's it and that's it
and there's the rice and you can smell a
bit of butter in there yeah yeah that is
so beautiful put some sauce on it like
this right on the chicken yes oh my god
oh that smells delicious I can smell the
sour sweet exactly all right then
pomegranate take some chicken mix into
the rice and the onions in hand onion in
hand there we go okay
onion down all about that
pomegranate sweet and sour and tart hmm
it's the signature of fullest conformist
signature isn't it yes and next up we're
going to a night Street area we're going
to carry a square which is you can find
lots of rivers parks kidney oh this is
the king of king of king of livers and
we are off to try the king of livers and
hearts we're driving into Gorgan now for
some of the most extreme organ meat it's
gonna be here yeah but before the
extreme kebab station mr. taster is
bringing us in to a classic Iranian
bakery pick up some bread and here we
are yeah we are in the capital of livers
and heart liver Street yeah liver Street
but first up is gonna have a brand this
is where it all starts
look at this scale look at scale fits
Opel speed that's fast
Wow you can tell he's done this for
years
yeah a true master
fifteen years fifteen years of your
choice so Brad is a real staple in
Persian cuisine yeah you eat it with
everything oh and here we go just gonna
flatten these out and make them nice so
it's pure wheat flour a little song song
and that's all it is
oh that is beautiful look at all those
Persian breads you can really smell the
wholesomeness to it and it's gonna go
right on this oven here so we're gonna
put a fresh batch into this giant
circular oven in the back here smells so
wholesome if you use that they put on
the blimp just to make it more fresh
more fragrant and as soon as you walk in
here you just smell that like a bull
purebred aroma that's awesome and here
we go so he's just kneading it out yeah
making a crisscross pattern there Wow
two different styles of bread here so
one with the holes and one made with by
hand they're going in one by one that is
the most unique oven I've never seen an
oven like this in my entire really when
there's a long line and you can see the
fire in the back - that is hot really
hot oh and it's just getting slightly
golden and fluffy rezzy oh and we're
gonna eat that with heart and liver
kabobs let's go oh that is gonna be good
it's hot it's really hot messy
he doesn't get no money no money no
really yeah merci merci
there's a ton of liver shops here right
so we're gonna choose the the biggest
brightest juicy one thank you oh very
happy to be here thank you thank you
very much and you've got liver or the
big meat fridge this is the sole of
Persian barbecue right down here right
exactly it's the liver and the fat and
the fun
oh yeah it's amazing oh and look at this
a big bag of hearts that is crazy that's
a lot of hearts
oh one here we go and heart is one of my
favorite meats actually because it's got
that natural meaty it's like a upgraded
meat exactly and I love how lean it is
yeah it's not a fatty meat there's a
little fat on the outside but the heart
itself is meaty oh and there's the liver
that is crazy 20 years 20 years
experience we've got a plate of hearts
here there's gotta be 30 plus hearts
here and we've got a bucket of liver Wow
the perfect width yeah you can really
see that precision liver is an acquired
taste for sure some love it others don't
but I think it's uh it's worth trying
wherever you go to see the difference in
flavor
those are like liver liver pillow
[Music]
this is just absolutely insane
look at this bucket Oh liver mountain of
kidney and a plate of hearts what's your
favorite part really the heart yeah so
this is the liver 20 years experience
good to see it there yes a true expert
oh and there's a red station here wow
this is where it all starts we just
walked into this giant oven area this is
a different type of bread this is the
lavash you can see it's thinner and it
goes right on this pile that's a
mountain of liver and kidney and heart
just erect to the grilles and this is
the real secret right here that is the
saffron butter yeah the chicken goes
right in there that's it right there you
can smell that saffron push get a it oh
here we go that's our liver seasoned
with salt
oh here's ever no fat we got the lean
stuff and here we go right on the grill
there it is we've got a true feast
tonight liver and heart and kidney and
you can see this grill is just full of
meat here Wow so we got the koobideh the
classic lamb kabob we got the livers you
as a father
together mushrooms and tomato look at
the tomato purchase it directly on the
coal thank you thank you I'm going to
make a sign to show you how much out of
it let's stuff it even more yeah and
there it is look at that the liver
sandwich so this is the Gorgons special
this is the city of livers it is yeah oh
it is anything yeah just be careful okay
come on two three
oh wow that's the matter lever we do
every right there sweet basil some good
you can just put it into your yeah I'm
just closed it oh that is perfect sweet
basil I love all the herbs in Iran so
many bright and that doesn't have a
strong liver flavor it's meaty really
delicious
basil yeah it's amazing
yeah just sweat it mmm oh my god that's
fresh and it's the perfect contrast
between the meaty liver in the fresh
basil that's the real magic right here
this week for the best food range an
award
[Music]
oh yeah it's good dinner that's a loser
it doesn't taste like organ do you think
about barbecue Geronimo number one thank
you Thank You lovey run
thank you very much in country and this
liver oh yeah very nice oh and we've
just tasted the liver and the kidney in
the heart and here's our chicken with
saffron butter it's gonna go on our
plate we've got the classic Ruby day and
tomato and Wow
that's gonna be a great finish to the
meal here it's mince meat minced meat
and the flashes around Wow look at that
it's like a little fat ball there's a
pure fat explosion exactly you're
naughty
it's very nice save the pushing someone
hello and this is the saffron chicken oh
yeah saffron chicken saffron butter
chicken oh this looks on one two three
gorgeous the juicy or so juicy oh it's
such a rich saffron flavor and there's a
bit of a spice to it I honestly didn't
think that organ meat would be this
delicious the liver they could need a
heart I've had it before I know it can
be delicious but not yeah a little bit
messy messy all right well it's all true
no it's all right they're not taking my
no no money no money is too much
nobody gets money Jessie thank you thank
you very much
very delicious Kelly thank you thank you
thank you very much Wow merci that's all
amazing merci merci merci
you guys can check out mr. dot taster in
the description below thank you so and
also big thanks to Ally
Persia tour guide which Kara Walker
overland organizing the best itinerary
of Iran beautiful time and it's just a
great time here thanks a lot guys thank
you